<help general derelicts>

If a shop or house remains unused for a long period of time - a few months
or more - the owner of the property will be given a notice of eviction.
This notice will be posted on the board in the Garland development office
and a copy will be left in the house or shop in question.  The date of
issue of the eviction notice will be written on the notice, and from that
date the owner of the property will have thirty days to respond at the
Garland development office.  If no response is received within this time,
the property will be auctioned off.  See below for bidding rules and policies.

Bidding:

Anyone may bid on a shop, but only those who are not already in posession
of a house may bid on houses.  Bidding is conducted through the auctioning
board in the Garland development office.  Detailed information on the
property for auction will be posted along with the notice of auction.  If
the property for sale is a shop, the inventory of the shop will be sold
with it and will be considered into the minimum bid price.  Bidding will
last for a duration of fifteen days from the opening date.  The minimum bid
price will be set at one-fifth of the assessed value of the property.  At
the end of the bidding period, the person with the highest bid will be sold
the property.  If the owner of the property responds to the eviction notice
within the duration of the bidding, the bidding will be stopped and the
original owner will retain possession of the property.  

If you will be gone for a long period of time and own a house or shop but
do not want these to be auctioned off, post a message on the board in the
development office to this effect, with an approximation of how long you
will be gone.


<color=red>
See Also:  houses shops deals
</color></help>