<help general topics>

Here is a list of all mortal help topics.

abilities        adjust_register  afk              alias            
assist           backstab         balance          bash             
berserk          block            bodyslam         brief            
buglist          butcher          buy              cast             
circle           classes          claw             client           
color            commands         concoct          consider         
credits          curse            darkling         date             
deposit          derelicts        describe         disarm           
donate           down             drink            drop             
earthmeld        east             eat              elf              
empty            eq               examine          exit             
fill             flee             follow           get              
go               group            guard            help             
hit              hold             houses           human            
idea             immrules         inventory        ironclad         
languages        list             lock             look             
meditate         move             nogossip         north            
northwest        offer            ogrue            open             
osay             page_break       passwd           pay              
picklock         post             practice         prompt           
put              quaf             quit             races            
recite           regeneration     remort           remove           
rescue           rest             roll             rules            
save             say              scan             score            
script_cmds      sell             shield           shoot            
shout            sit              skills           skin             
sneak            socials          sombre           south            
southwest        split            stand            steal            
tail             tell             theme            throw            
title            toggle           topics           track            
ungroup          unlock           unpost           up               
value_add        value_list       value_rem        value_set        
wear             west             where            who              
wimpy            withdraw         wizlist          zones            

<color=red>
See Also:  commands, wizhelp
</color></help>
